README.md, before:

# libgdx sbt project

Configure and generate a Scala project for [libgdx](http://libgdx.badlogicgames.com/) using [g8](http://github.com/n8han/giter8) and [sbt](http://www.scala-sbt.org/) 0.13.5+.

## Setting up a new project

To use this template, you will need to install g8 first.
Consult g8's [readme](http://github.com/n8han/giter8#readme) for more information.

Then, in your favorite shell, type the command:

    $ g8 ajhager/libgdx-sbt-project

After filling in some information about your project, you can start placing your game's source files and assets in core/src/main/scala and android/assets respectively.

## Managing your project

Start `sbt` in project root:

    $ sbt

Run the desktop project:

    > desktop/run

Package the desktop project into single jar:

    > assembly

Create Android package in debug mode:
  
    > android:package-debug

Visit [android-sdk-plugin](https://github.com/pfn/android-sdk-plugin) for a more in-depth guide to android configuration and usage.

## Using with popular IDEs

In most cases you will be able to open and edit each sub-project (like common, android or desktop), but you still need to use SBT to build the project.

See [here](https://github.com/ajhager/libgdx-sbt-project.g8/wiki/IDE-Plugins) for details about sbt plugins for each editor.

Commit message:

Initial commit to desktop-only fork

README.md, after:

# libgdx-sbt Project for Desktop Only

This is a template to be used with [g8](http://github.com/n8han/giter8) for configuring and generating a Scala project for [libgdx](http://libgdx.badlogicgames.com/) using [sbt](http://www.scala-sbt.org/) as a build system. This template only generates the core and desktop projects for libgdx. See the [original project](https://github.com/ajhager/libgdx-sbt-project.g8) for a template that generates all supported libgdx project types.

## Setting up a new project

Install [g8](http://github.com/n8han/giter8#readme)
Then run the following:

    $ g8 starfleetcadet75/libgdx-sbt-project

You will be prompted to enter some basic information about your project.

Once that is complete, your project is ready for development. See [here](https://github.com/ajhager/libgdx-sbt-project.g8/wiki/IDE-Plugins) for details about sbt plugins for each editor.

## Current Version Defaults

[sbt](http://www.scala-sbt.org/): 0.13.9
[scala](http://www.scala-lang.org/): 2.11.7
[libgdx](http://libgdx.badlogicgames.com/): 1.8.0
Java: 1.8

During setup, you will be prompted to enter version information. These are the current defaults that it will suggest. To use a newer or older version simply specify it instead.

## Managing your project

Start `sbt` in project root:

    $ sbt

Run the desktop project:

    > desktop/run

Package the desktop project into a single jar:

    > assembly
